[KURAHASHI]
You disappoint me, Little Devil.
Even
with all the illegal abilities
I gave you,
you still failed
to defeat one measly little rat.
You really are worthless,
aren't you?
Just an untalented nobody.
To be held back
by some girl like you...
I hope you didn't think
those favors were free.
You're going to pay me back
and then some.
Aren't you?
From today on, you're my slave,
a useless thing
to carry out my every whim.
[slams]
Do you understand me? Say it!
From today on, I'm your slave.
[slams]
[gasps]
Yeah as if, like I'd ever.
Ooh, scary.
Here comes a real devil.
[KURAHASHI]
Hiroto Shinohara?
[gasps] What the hell
are you doing here?
[footsteps]
No, not just me.
[hovering]
[gasps]
Ah...
[scoffs] Come on,
smile, Kurahashi.
Show those pearly whites
to the hundreds of thousands
of people watching.
[gasps]
[fuming]
Sorry, pal, that's checkmate.
[ICHINOSE exhales]
[ICHINOSE]
Well, good morning, everyone.
You know, something wonderful
happened yesterday.
[giggles]
An incompetent dictator
was finally exposed
as the scumbag he is.
Despite
his distinguished bearing,
he was a manipulative con man,
whose empire collapsed
in a single evening.
I'm actually still
a little groggy
from a night
of celebratory drinking.
So bear with me
if today's address
is a bit shaky.
Now, as the All-Campus
Elimination Battle
has reached its terminus,
allow me to present to you
our two remaining survivors.
First up, the Seven Star,
Hiroto Shinohara.
Although, that's kind of a given
seeing as how anything less
would make him
a total laughingstock.
Weirdly threatening addendum,
but okay.
[ICHINOSE]
Next is the Little Devil,
the Six Star, Noa Akizuki.
[sighs]
Huh?
Both are confirmed
for the district
elimination team,
but only one of them
can be titled Eimei's Ace.
A final confrontation
between the Six Star
and the Seven.
Get ready for an amazi--
Um, Headmistress?
May I please say something?
I, uh...
I don't want to...
[sighs] I don't want to fight
against Hiroto.
-Mm...
-And would you care to tell us
why exactly not?
I think most people
have already heard this by now,
but in my desire
to escape feeling less than,
I made
some reprehensible choices.
I used illegal methods,
and I tried to steal Stars
from Hiroto.
For that, I'm sorry.
Ultimately, my attempts
came to nothing anyway,
but while everyone else
was competing in good faith,
my conduct
was wholly unacceptable.
So, it only makes sense
that I withdraw--
[HIROTO]
That's enough, Akizuki.
Uh? Is something wrong, Hiroto?
You've got absolutely no reason
-to withdraw.
-Huh?
It was all that sleazebag
Kurahashi's fault.
I didn't lose anything
in the end.
Well, yeah,
but nobody's going to forgive me
for what I've done!
-[HIROTO] You think?
-Ah...
[HIROTO] Then you might want
to take a look at this.
[NOA]
What is that?
[HIROTO]
It's a survey of Eimei students.
Libra carried it out
right after the stream ended.
Just take a look for yourself.
A good 99.5%
of the students here
actually took your side,
which means the consensus
of Eimei Academy
-is that you're not at fault.
-[NOA gasps]
[HIROTO]
Honestly,
and you think people
don't pay attention to you?
I mean, even our Empress
was singing your praises.
They what?
Look, Akizuki.
You got carried away for a bit,
that's all.
The truth is,
you'd already become special,
all by yourself.
-[sniffles]
-[HIROTO] With that said,
I have an announcement to make.
The winner
of the Elimination contest,
and Eimei Academy's
rightful ace, is you.
Huh?
Sorry, but the only one
who's withdrawing here is me.
But don't you want to win?
[HIROTO]
Why would I need to?
I'm already the strongest person
on the island, right?
Uh... Yeah, but...
Sorry, it's done.
I just submitted
the official player-withdrawal
request.
So, for all those out there
who bet money on me,
sucks to be you.
[MALE STUDENT 7A]
Can he do that?
[FEMALE STUDENT 7C]
The Seven Star quit?
There. Now you've got something
to prove that you're special.
[whimpers]
All right,
if that's what you want,
I'll accept the position of ace.
I'll become the ace
this academy deserves,
one that can face even you,
Hiroto.
So please, lend me your support,
and I'll make all of you proud!
[STUDENTS cheering]
[ICHINOSE]
That Shinohara.
[giggles]
This year's Inter-Academy Battle
might actually be fun
with him around.
Here they are!
♪
The flawless high-spec maid,
Shirayuki Himeji!
[HIROTO]
Way to go, Himeji!
Back up to Four Stars
in one day!
[ICHINOSE] One
of Eimei's trio of Six Stars,
the Golden Demon,
Nanase Asamiya!
Next, the Six Star
student council president
with second sight,
Shinji Enomoto!
You know him
as the highest-ranked
on Academy Island,
Seven Star, Hiroto Shinohara!
And finally, Eimei's new ace,
the Little Devil,
Six Star, Noa Akizuki!
These are the five
who will represent us
in the May Inter-Academy Battle!
[MALE STUDENT 7D]
You got this!
[MALE STUDENT 7E]
Put on a good show!
[HIROTO] Not a bad outcome,
all things considered.
[SARASA]
You can say that again.
I'm just glad the Little Devil
didn't get kicked
off the island.
Still, though,
as an Ouka student,
I can't be too happy about it.
[chuckles]
Yeah, well,
it's not like she was let off
without any penalties.
As compensation
for all the trouble she caused,
she forked over the Green Star.
[SARASA]
You got the green, too?
So, that makes you what
in reality?
A triple-colored three star?
[HIROTO]
Yup, bingo.
[HIROTO] I'm still a ways off
from being a real Seven Star,
but if I keep on moving
towards that goal,
I'll find her.
So, when do I get to know
where you're dragging me
on my precious day off?
Right now.
We're here.
Mm! Ah...
[HIROTO]
What's this all about, Saionji?
[SARASA]
Huh? What do you mean?
It's exactly what it looks like.
Listen, this store sells
some awesome stuff,
like the card I gave you
the other night.
[HIROTO]
No kidding.
So this is where you got
that Pinch Hitter, huh?
[SARASA] This is the place,
all right, but to get you in,
you have to satisfy
their weird entry requirement.
[HIROTO]
Yeah, but this?
[SARASA]
Look, I mentioned it, didn't I?
That I needed your help
getting in somewhere?
If anything,
you should consider it an honor.
Even if it's just for a while,
you get to be my lover,
or whatever you would call it.
[HIROTO]
Whoa.
I did give her a heads-up
that I'd swinging by
with some company.
Anyone back there?
Hey! Welcome!
Wait, Lily?
What are you doing here?
[HIROTO]
"Lily"? Oh, yeah.
She can't use her other names.
So, hey, Lily-bud.
I hope you haven't forgotten
my policy,
the one stipulating
that I'll only do business
with people I like?
No, of course not.
[ABILITY SHOP OWNER]
And since you also know
I choose who I like
based on whether they follow
the rules,
that must mean this guy
is your boyfriend, right?
Yup, that's right!
His name is Sh-- I mean, Hiro.
Looks cool, doesn't he?
Please don't mind me.
I'm really just tagging along
is all.
[ABILITY SHOP OWNER]
Oh, I'll mind, bub.
My Lily-bud's been out there
riding solo
for as long as I've known her.
And now she struts on in
to show me
her "cool" new boyfriend?
I know the game.
You must be one heck
of a wild young hot rod, huh?
I might just die of jealousy.
Although,
not much spark in the plug.
Are you two
even really going out?
-[HIROTO, SARASA] Huh?
-I mean, if you are,
then you should at least
be holding hands.
-In front of you?
-[OWNER] It's not like
I'm asking you to kiss
on the spot,
-or do anything sus.
-Uh...
You think I could do that
with someone there watching,
you dummy?
Hey, come on, Lily!
-[grunts] Saionji.
-Ah!
Wha, what do you want,
Shinohara?
You going to start
teasing me, too?
Would you calm down?
All she's asking us to do
is hold hands.
So let's just get it over with,
already.
You seem eager.
Almost like you can't wait
to get your mitts on me.
Don't start that!
It's only embarrassing
because you're overthinking it.
[SARASA sighs]
[whimpers]
-[HIROTO] Uh, Lily?
-Uh...
This is just a handshake.
[SARASA]
Huh? No!
Our hands were totally touching!
That counts. How could it not?
[ABILITY SHOP OWNER chuckles]
[ABILITY SHOP OWNER]
All right, I buy it.
[SARASA, HIROTO]
Huh?
What you two obviously lack
in confidence,
you more than make up for
in chemistry.
I hereby recognize you
as a couple.
What? Really?
You do?
You sure you're okay with that?
All we did was shake hands,
you know?
Shut up, Hiro.
[laughs]
Of course.
I've always had a soft spot
for Lily,
and get-up aside,
you're really starting
to grow on me,
so we're good.
You pass. I'll sell you
whatever ability you're after.
[HIROTO] I wasn't expecting
to see so many rare abilities
in one place.
[SARASA]
Oh, come on,
you can't seriously be
that doe-eyed, can you?
These are things
you need to know.
I guess it's lucky that
I'm around to show you, huh?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Welcome home, Master,
and welcome again, Rina.
Oh, hey there.
I trust
you had an enjoyable date?
[SARASA]
Date? It wasn't a date!
I just asked him
to come shopping with me,
-that's all!
-And yet,
you shopped at a store
that only admits couples.
Wait, how do you know
about that?
[HIROTO]
Well, they don't call her
a high-spec maid for nothing.
I've been wanting to thank you,
for your help
during the All-Campus
Elimination Battle.
To that end, I will do my utmost
to serve you today.
Hey, you do your best every day
and we appreciate it.
You've got nothing
to make up to us.
But, if it helps,
I wouldn't say no
to one of your delicious
home-cooked meals.
Mm. Consider it done.
Dinner is ready
whenever your appetite permits.
Or would you prefer
a soothing bath, first?
Oh yeah, there's an idea.
After all that walking,
we could probably do
with a wash.
Now that you mention it,
I am feeling a little grody.
Splendid, and I would be more
than happy to help,
by scrubbing your backs
at the same time.
[HIROTO, SARASA]
Huh? The same time?
Whoa, now, back up.
The same time?
Wouldn't that mean
he'd see me in the buff?
[SHIRAYUKI] You'd be
in swimsuits, naturally.
Given
your pathological proclivity
for flaunting
daring, beachside bikinis
every summer,
I don't imagine that will be
too much of a problem.
Wow, that was
some ice-cold shade right there.
[SHIRAYUKI] Besides,
the mansion comes equipped
with a custom extra-large bath
for the Seven Star.
Yeah, but like,
wearing a swimsuit in the bath?
Isn't that even more kinky?
-[sighs]
-If that's the case,
would you prefer to be nude?
I'm sure I could accommodate
that if necessary.
Come on! That's not
what I meant, and you know it!
[HIROTO]
Wait a minute,
are you secretly mad at us
for going shopping without you?
[SARASA]
No way.
Himeji always gets hung up
on stuff like this,
it's a pattern.
Well, I didn't exactly bring
my bathing suit.
-[rattling]
-[HIROTO, SARASA] Huh?
[SARASA]
All right, Yuki, you win.
Hm.
Very good.
Now let's all enjoy
a bath together.
♪
[sighs] That feels heavenly.
-[door sliding]
-Huh?
[SARASA] Stop it!
Who said you could look yet?
-[water splashing]
-Oh! Mm-hm.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Apologies for the delay, Master.
Please, just hold on a moment.
[shower running]
[HIROTO]
What, what's happening to me?
All I can hear is the sound
of the shower pattering.
And all I can see
is the painting of Mount Fuji
on the wall,
but my heart's galloping
like crazy!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Well, then, I think it's time.
[SARASA]
How's the temperature?
It's just fi--
Ah?
♪
[straining]
[SARASA]
Say something.
it's weird with you there
silently staring at me.
[HIROTO]
That looks good on you.
Rina, could you kindly stop
flirting with Master?
It's unbecoming.
[HIROTO]
On this day,
a super-elite VIP,
my personal maid, and I
climbed on into a bath together.
-[water bubbling]
-[gulps]
-[SHIRAYUKI] Master?
-[SARASA] Shinohara?
[school bell ringing]
We have that meeting now,
the one
with the other Inter-Academy
Battle members.
Hm. Yeah, we should get going.
-[door sliding]
-Oh, Hiroto!
I'm beginning to think there's
some destiny going on here
with how much
we're running into each other.
[HIROTO]
Does it count as destiny
when the encounter
was prearranged?
[NOA] Aw, come on.
I know that made you happy.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Akizuki.
I know you have exchanged
Device IDs,
but a software connection
is not nearly the same
as a preordained kinship.
Man, frock-blocked by Shirayuki.
But you know what?
Your tacit territoriality
just makes me like you
all the more!
-[giggles]
-Would you please let go of me?
O-M-G. Not a chance!
By the way.
You're in the same class
as our other two Academy Battle
team members,
aren't you, Akizuki?
Yup, I know them both.
They aren't quite
at the same level
as yours truly,
Eimei's one-and-only super ace.
But the student council prez
and Mya
are a really popular pair.
[HIROTO]
Yeah, seems like it.
With their instant
memorization skills
and extremely fast reflexes,
even the folks in my class
can't stop going on about them.
But I've also heard
they don't exactly get along,
-that right?
-Uh, yeah,
guess that's true.
They were childhood friends,
but now, it's more like
they're just stuck together.
-[NANASE] Hey!
-Ah.
[NANASE]
Earth to Shinji!
Can you hear me?
[SHINJI]
No.
I've got a loud-mouthed idiot
standing next to me,
so I'm practically deaf.
[NANASE]
I wouldn't have to shout
if you'd stop being a jerk!
-Huh?
-They swear up and down
that they hate each other,
but they're never apart,
so every time you see them.
[door sliding]
You're really pissing me off.
They're always
right at each other's throats.
[HIROTO]
They're a total liability!
So commences
the first strategy meeting
for the upcoming
May Inter-Academy Battle.
Thank you all for coming today.
Now, perhaps we should begin
with last week's promo video.
Sounds good.
I can get on board with that.
Yeah, let's give it a look-see.
[electronic whirring]
♪
Well,
that sucked even for a teaser.
But it's clearly
a domination game
with an emphasis
on area conquest.
[sighs]
I agree with your conclusion.
Though your language could use
some work, Transfer.
[HIROTO]
I have a lot of respect for you,
so let's keep it civil.
Say, Himeji.
They've already released
the basic rules, haven't they?
Yes.
It's a large-scale game adhering
to operational regulations,
and it allows
for up to 100 players.
"Area Steal
To Reconquer All Lost."
Going by the initialism ASTRAL,
for short.
The game will last
from Monday, May 9th
until Friday, May 13th.
Each day has one period
from 9:00 until noon,
and a second period
from 2:00 until 5:00.
That's ten,
split over five days.
The competition will take place
in District Zero,
the Special Development
District,
at the center of the island.
Our game field will be divided
into one million spaces.
Key points known as "Bases"
will be scattered randomly.
These bases will,
of course, be capturable.
Two captures make a line.
Three make a polygon.
All the spaces
within these connected points
become a part
of the owner's team's area,
and will change
to the associated color.
Every hour,
the bases will release
special usable skills,
hereafter referred
to as "spells."
The game also uses what is known
as a "Freeze Time" system.
Meaning, essentially,
that after you use a spell,
you cannot perform
another action
for a short duration.
The length of Freeze Time
is calculated
from the movement value
specifically attributed
to each player.
There are five player positions
you can assume in ASTRAL,
but no overlap of roles
is permitted within a team.
To win, you must either dominate
all the areas
or destroy all the other teams.
However, if neither
of these conditions is met,
victory goes to the team
with the largest occupied area
when the time runs out.
Now, moving on
to the loss conditions.
Each player possesses
life points,
and if all of those are lost,
the player is eliminated.
Players can have a maximum
of five life points.
These reset
at the end of each period.
If all team members
are eliminated,
or if a team loses
all of their spaces,
that team is eliminated.
During the Inter-Academy Battle,
another game entitled MTCG
will be held simultaneously.
The top prize is a "Wild Card",
which serves
as an invitation to ASTRAL.
The player who secures this
is able to join
any team of their choosing
as a sixth member,
allowing for an element
of unpredictability.
The three most valuable pieces
of information
we should be focusing on
are areas, player positions,
and movement values.
Interesting.
Hey, Shirayuki,
is there any way for us to see
what the movement values are?
[SHIRAYUKI] If you open
the purpose-made app
released a few days ago,
it should be listed
on your profile.
There are 25 levels overall,
and the smaller your number,
the better.
[HIROTO]
Movement values
are like
a player's general rating.
They're calculated using stuff
like game and trial records.
Of course, for me, that means...
[NANASE]
Three? That's crazy!
Talk about a top-tier rating,
Shino!
-Good job, Seven Star!
-Yeah, thank you.
-Hang on, "Shino"?
-[NANASE] Hm.
Just a little nickname for you.
No good?
After the things
I've been called,
that's pretty tame.
Then "yes" good.
[HIROTO] Naturally,
my movement value is a lie.
My real number's not three,
it's nineteen.
Kagaya bugged the screen
to display something
a little more fitting.
Now, I'd like us to decide
on a general plan of action.
There are two key avenues
of strategy in ASTRAL.
You either win
by expanding your area
or you make
the other teams lose.
However, since spells
are required to fight,
you have to expand
your region of control,
regardless.
Plainly stated, both objectives
are inextricably intertwined.
That leads us to the next topic.
Team makeup, and deciding
who takes what position.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Here's the role breakdowns.
[HIROTO] Getting assigned
the right position here
is everything.
The wrong designation
could expose me in a heartbeat.
Basically,
if I don't get commander,
it's all over.
For everyone else,
that massive
movement restriction
could be crippling.
But for me, it's a role
that conveniently renders
my base rank redundant
for the purpose of mobility.
Helping me avoid suspicion.
I can hide
my own low movement value
behind the commander's
worse one.
Any other role
would be catastrophic for me.
It'd be obvious that my stats
aren't what I say they are.
Plus if I get the commander,
I can use its info abilities
as a smoke screen
for Company-fed information.
That'd give me
a considerable advantage.
Let's see, I'm thinking
soldier's probably my best fit.
I've got great natural reflexes
and visual acuity,
so acting
as our offensive vanguard
works for me.
Then I think I'll be the spy.
That one's perfect for me.
Sneaking around
and secretly setting up traps
is my specialty.
[HIROTO]
All right, it's looking good.
We're almost in the clear.
Next,
I'll nab the commander position,
and then Himeji
can take the guardian one.
So I'll take--
-[SHINJI] Commander.
-[HIROTO, SHIRAYUKI] Huh?
I wish to be the commander.
You want it too, right,
Shinohara?
I do.
But just why are you after it?
That's obvious.
If we lack
a competent commander,
victory in ASTRAL
is an impossibility.
If that's your reasoning,
then I'm the clear choice here.
[SHINJI]
No, you aren't.
See, the commander's
movement value is fixed at 25.
You have a lower value
than I do,
so you would be
more disadvantaged
by the handicap.
Also, duties of the commander
involve intel gathering,
analysis, and coordination.
These are all specialties
of mine.
Do you get that,
transfer student?
The only clear choice here
is me. Not you.
Stop being so stubborn, Shinji.
Shino can use insane
Unique Star abilities you can't.
He's the highest-ranked player
on the island.
And honestly,
I really don't want to be stuck
taking orders from you.
Personal preferences
have nothing to do with it,
this is just
about what's most appropriate.
[HIROTO]
Think!
You have to deceive your enemies
and your allies.
You have to make
every last one of them
believe in the reputation
you've created.
If you don't,
this team falls apart
at the seams,
and all your lies
will be laid bare.
[HIROTO]
Yo, Enomoto.
Quite a forward way
of addressing your senior,
but what is it?
[HIROTO] Commander
can trade places with someone
once per game.
So, how about you let me
take it first?
And, if my performance fails
to meet your standards,
I'll surrender the position
to you without complaint.
Curious.
I could counter by offering
the same deal in reverse,
but I'll accept,
on the condition
that you take out
three enemy commanders
by the end of the third day.
Fail in that task,
and you'll hand over
the position to me.
Wait, Mister Enomoto.
Don't you think that condition
would be somewhat exploitable?
You could easily sabotage
his progress
just by refusing
to cooperate with him.
It's Shirayuki Himeji, right?
Your foresight is commendable,
but it appears that
you're forgetting something.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Uh, forgetting something?
My motive.
As Eimei Academy's
student council president,
my only real ambition here
is to win.
See,
in the annual academy rankings,
Eimei's been stuck
in fifth place for years.
I'd like to see
our status elevated.
With Seven Star Shinohara here,
we have a good chance
of doing that this year.
As such,
I would do absolutely nothing
to hinder him.
[HIROTO]
Okay. Good enough for me.
You have my word,
if I can't pull this off,
I'll give the commander's role
to you.
And I'll talk properly
for the rest of my life.
[phone ringing]
-[HIROTO] Hello?
-[SARASA] Uh...
Shinohara? Oh, good.
If you hadn't answered,
I don't know
-what I would've done.
-[HIROTO] What's up?
You sound kind of upset.
[SARASA]
Of course I am!
We're in serious trouble!
Trouble? How so?
[SARASA]
It's Sarasa!
And I'm not talking about me
or the original.
A third Sarasa Saionji's
just revealed herself!
Uh... Ah?